:ref:`O2scl <o2scl>`

License Information
===================
    
\section lic_index_section Licenses

- License for \o2 , \ref gplv3_section
- License for HDF5, \ref hdf5_lic_section
- License for the \o2 documentation, \ref gnu_doc_lic_section

Some \o2 classes are based on GSL and CERNLIB, both licensed under
GPLv3 (see http://cernlib.web.cern.ch/cernlib/conditions.html).

\section gplv3_section GNU General Public License Version 3

\o2 (as well as CERNLIB and the Gnu Scientific Library (GSL)) is
licensed under version 3 of the GPL as provided in the files \c
COPYING and in \c doc/o2scl/extras/gpl_license.txt. After
installation, it is included in the documentation in \c
PREFIX/doc/extras/gpl_license.txt where the default \c PREFIX is
\c /usr/local. All of the code in the \o2 documentation is also
under version 3 of the GPL. 

\verbinclude gpl_license.txt

\section hdf5_lic_section HDF5 License

The \o2 library includes classes which manipulate HDF files. The
NCSA and LLNL licenses for HDF are compatible with GPLv3, as
described at http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses . The HDF
license is given below, and provided in \c
doc/o2scl/extras/hdf_license.txt. After installation, it is
included in the documentation in \c
PREFIX/doc/extras/hdf_license.txt where the default \c PREFIX is
\c /usr/local.

\verbinclude hdf_license.txt

\section gnu_doc_lic_section GNU Free Documentation License

This documentation is provided under the GNU Free Documentation
License, as given below and provided in \c
doc/o2scl/extras/fdl_license.txt. After installation, it is included
in the documentation in \c PREFIX/doc/extras/fdl_license.txt where
the default \c PREFIX is \c /usr/local.
    
\verbinclude fdl_license.txt
